- #ideas
	- [[Solar]] powered robot that travels the ocean filtering out microplastics and fuses them together then returns them to land
	- In what level of the ocean are microplastics most abundant, give references.
		- [[Microplastics]] are most abundant in the surface layer of the [[ocean]] . According to a study by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), concentrations of microplastics (particles smaller than 5 millimeters in diameter) were highest in the surface layer of the ocean, particularly in narrow coastal areas. The study also found that larger particles of plastic were more abundant in the deep ocean (below 200 meters). Reference: https://www.noaa.gov/news/microplastics-are-most-common-in-surface-layer-of-ocean-study-finds
- DONE NEBC Application 
  SCHEDULED: <2023-01-27 Fri>
- Calendar 1
	- 10:30 - 12:30: ECE 3375B Lecture
		- No Description
	- 12:30 - 13:30: Sunstang LP
		- No Description
	- 12:30 - 13:00: TEST SWITCH
		- No Description
	- 14:30 - 15:30: ECE 3333B Lecture
		- No Description
	- 15:30 - 17:30: ECE 3336B Lecture
		- No Description
	- 18:00 - 21:30: Mario Kart!!!
		- No Description
- #Application for #E4C #[[E4C Fellowship Application]]
  collapsed:: true
	- https://www.engineeringforchange.org/e4c-fellowship/
		- The E4C Fellowship is a distinctive workforce development program in engineering for sustainble development serving to activate and empower
		  early-career engineers and technical professionals worldwide to solve local and global challenges. Providing a unique platform to develop professional skills, and connect with international mentors and peers from all continents, this Fellowship offers leadership development opportunities that prepare the next generation of technical professionals to reach their fullest potential and deliver solutions that achieve the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. E4C’s Fellows deepen their understanding of engineering for sustainable development through targeted research, analysis and engagement with the E4C community of experts.
		- Sponsored by mission-aligned organizations, E4C Fellows work remotely with diverse,  interdisciplinary, multi-sector teams and develop their professional and  technical skills by investigating, optimizing, and designing to advance  the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, [E4C’s Research page] https://www.engineeringforchange.org/research/). Fellows also focus on researching technology-based solutions that will be added to [E4C’s Solutions Library](https://www.engineeringforchange.org/solutions/products/),  gaining expertise about available technologies and advancements and an understanding of the advancements, gaps, opportunities and good practices of technologies in various sectors in Engineering Sustainable Development. Fellows will have the opportunity to advance their career path through 400+ hours of research, 30 hours of networking online opportunities with their peers and experts advisors, and 30 hours of Learning Modules designed to advance their knowledge in the sector.
		  The program is a part-time commitment that requires 20-25 hours of dedication per week and lasts five months, from May to September. It is 100% virtual which provides a unique opportunity for students to continue their training in this field of engineering and social impact despite the current and future travel restrictions.
		- Applications for the 2023 E4C Fellowship Summer Cohort are open January 4th-February  12th, 2023. To learn more and submit your application visit our [**Apply Webpage**] https://www.engineeringforchange.org/2023-e4c-summer-fellowship/).
		- For More Information: Visit our [Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) page](https://www.engineeringforchange.org/e4c-fellowship-faqs/). After reviewing the FAQs, if you have further questions about the fellowship please contact us at [fellows@engineeringforchange.org]mailto:fellows@engineeringforchange.org). Please include contact information as well as your name, education, school, and your country of origin.
	- https://www.engineeringforchange.org/2023-e4c-summer-fellowship/
		- The Engineering for Change (E4C) Fellowship is a workforce development program at the intersection of engineering and sustainable development, serving to activate and empower early-career engineers and technical professionals worldwide to solve local and global challenges.
		- Sponsored by mission-aligned organizations, E4C Fellows work remotely with diverse, interdisciplinary, multi-sector teams and develop their professional and technical skills by investigating, optimizing, and designing to advance the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. E4C Fellows expand their understanding of the sector through participation in E4C’s Impact Projects, directly advancing partners’ sustainability initiatives. E4C Fellows build skills and deepen their knowledge in the space through targeted learning modules, while networking with experts and rising engineers through the E4C community and E4C’s Fellow Alumni Network advances their career path.
		- This Fellowship is a part-time and remote commitment that lasts five months, with Summer (May to September) and Winter (November-March) cohorts. Fellows receive a stipend and are expected to work 20-25 hours per week with flexible schedules.
		- Applications for the 2023 E4C Summer Fellowship opened on January 4th, 2023 and will remain open until February 12th.
		- To apply to our program, please scroll down to review projects available for the 2023 Summer Cohort and then fill out our Application form. For more guidance, see our checklist.
		- For more about the E4C Fellowship, visit the E4C Fellowship page. If you have further questions about the Fellowship please refer to our Fellowship FAQs.
		- The 2023 Cohort of E4C Fellows is generously supported by: the Autodesk Foundation, Bridges to Prosperity, Penn State University, and Engineering Change Labs-USA.
	- 2023 E4C Summer Fellowship Application: https://airtable.com/shrciNAU2xtg9Gu5R
		- To complete this application, you will need:
			- To be/become an E4C member [For Free]
			- Resume/CV
			- Cover Letter
			- Email addresses for 2 references
			- To have visited the E4C Fellowship Application webpage, reviewed available Impact Projects and selected three projects you would prefer to work on
		- Application Form Time Estimate: 30 - 45 mins
		- Your First/Given Name *
		  Your Family Name/Surname *
		  Are you an E4C Member?  *
		  Please make sure you are using the same email address here in your application as for your membership so we can cross-reference. If you are not yet a member, please visit https://www.engineeringforchange.org/sign-up/ to sign up.
		  Your Email Address *
		  Your email address will serve as your primary identifier, and you will be asked for it as you move forward in the selection process. Please use the same email address as for your E4C membership.
		  After applying, please be sure to check your spam and add fellows@engineeringforchange.org to your email's safe-sender list.
		  Your Phone Number 
		  Please share your phone number in the format (Country Code) Phone Number [e.g. (+XXX) XXX XXX XXX]. We will only use this in relation to your application.
		  What is your age group? *
		- 0-17
		    18-24
		    25-34
		    35 -44
		    45-64
		    65+
		    Prefer not to say
		- Your Gender  *
		  How do you identify?
		  Do you have any accessibility needs you would like us to accommodate? *
		- Yes
		    No
		- What is your nationality/nationalities? *
		  Select all that apply.
		  Which world region are you primarily located in?  *
		  The primary region where you reside and are based in.
		  Which country/countries will you be physically located in during the Fellowship? *
		  The Fellowship runs from May to September 2023. Select all that apply.
		  What is your highest academic degree?  *
		  If you select other, please ensure that your education including any certificates or other qualifications, is clear on your Resume/CV.
		- Pursuing my undergraduate studies
		    Bachelor (bachelors & associate's degree) or in my last year of undergraduate studies
		    Masters or Master student
		    PhD or PhD student
		    Post-PhD or PhD student
		    Other
		- Which is your current field of work/study?  *
		  Please select the closest match to your current field of work/study. If you are between careers, please select the field from your most recent career. Please only select other if none of the other options are even slightly relevant to you.
		  What was your area of study during your undergraduate program? *
		  We understand that specific similar courses may have slightly different names, please select the option that best matches your area of study. If none of these apply, select other.
		  Add
		  What is your English proficiency level?  *
		  Please select the proficiency level that best describes your ability with the English Language, based on how co-workers or academic tutors would assess your ability.
		  What is your current title, position or role at your work/institution of study? *
		  If you are currently between jobs or seeking work, please indicate that. If you are working in multiple roles, please share only one, but show all clearly in your CV.
		  What is your affiliation? *
		  Share who you are working for. If you are between roles or seeking work, state that. If you are in multiple roles, please provide the affiliation for the role you answered in the previous question.
		  Please select the technical and interpersonal skills that you have. Include anything that your colleagues/academic tutors would rate you at 3/5 or higher in. *
		  Select all that apply to you. Please particularly consider skills relating to the descriptions of Impact Projects you are interested in working on.
		  Add
		  If selected, you will be assigned to work on an Impact Project. Please select the first of three projects you would particularly like to work on. *
		  You can find descriptions of the available Impact Projects here: https://www.engineeringforchange.org/2023-e4c-summer-fellowship
		  When making your selection, please consider how your skillset and experience aligns to the needs listed in the project descriptions.
		  This section is not a ranking, you will be considered equally for all three projects you select.
		  Add
		  Why would you like to work on this first project and why do you feel you should be considered for it? *
		  Please keep your response below 300 words.
		  If selected, you will be assigned to work on an Impact Project. Please select the second of three projects you would particularly like to work on. *
		  You can find descriptions of the available Impact Projects here: https://www.engineeringforchange.org/2023-e4c-summer-fellowship
		  When making your selection, please consider how your skillset and experience aligns to the needs listed in the project descriptions.
		  This section is not a ranking, you will be considered equally for all three projects you select.
		  Add
		  Why would you like to work on this second project and why do you feel you should be considered for it? *
		  Please keep your response below 300 words.
		  If selected, you will be assigned to work on an Impact Project. Please select the third of three projects you would particularly like to work on. 
		  You can find descriptions of the available Impact Projects here: https://www.engineeringforchange.org/2023-e4c-summer-fellowship
		  When making your selection, please consider how your skillset and experience aligns to the needs listed in the project descriptions.
		  This section is not a ranking, you will be considered equally for all three projects you select.
		  Add
		  Why would you like to work on this third project and why do you feel you should be considered for it? 
		  Please keep your response below 300 words.
		  Do you wish to be considered for other projects aside from your previously selected choices?
		- Yes
		    No
		  Please select the software, protocols and programming languages that you have an expert proficiency level with. *
		  Select all that apply to you.
		  We consider that you have an expert proficiency level in a software if you have spent 200+ hours working with the software. If you do not meet this criteria but feel that you have an expert proficiency level, please list the software as intermediate proficiency level but explain in the subsequent text space why you feel your proficiency level is higher.
		  You will have the opportunity later to list additional software proficiencies for software that are currently not available to select.
		  Add
		  Please describe your prior experience with and usage of any software, protocols and programming languages you have an expert proficiency level with. 
		  Please share examples, including projects where you have used the software, as well as stating any relevant certifications.
		  Please select the software, protocols and programming languages that you have an intermediate proficiency level with. *
		  Select all that apply to you.
		  We consider that you have an expert proficiency level in a software if you have spent 50 - 200 hours working with the software. If you do not meet this criteria but feel that you have an intermediate proficiency level, please list the software as basic proficiency level but explain in the subsequent text space why you feel your proficiency level is higher.
		  Add
		  Please describe your prior experience with and usage of any software, protocols and programming languages you have an intermediate proficiency level with. 
		  Please share examples, including projects where you have used the software, as well as stating any relevant certifications. If you feel that you have an expert proficiency level in one of these software but cannot meet the criteria of for hours working with it, please make your case here.
		  Please select the software, protocols and programming languages that you have an basic proficiency level with. *
		  Select all that apply to you.
		  We consider that you have an expert proficiency level in a software if you have spent 10 - 50 hours working with the software.
		  Add
		  Please describe your prior experience with and usage of any software, protocols and programming languages you have an basic proficiency level with. 
		  Please share examples, including projects where you have used the software, as well as stating any relevant certifications. If you feel that you have an intermediate proficiency level in one of these software but cannot meet the criteria of for hours working with it, please make your case here.
		  If you have proficiency in any other software, protocols, programming languages or digital tools beyond those you were able to select in the previous options, please list them here, along with your proficiency level and description of your past usage/experience. 
		  How much time do you have available to commit to the Fellowship from the start of May to the end of September 2023? *
		  Please estimate your average availability.
		- less than 20 hours a week 
		    20 to 24 hours a week
		    25+ hours a week
		- What is your level of expertise in Engineering For Sustainable Development? *
		- Novice
		    Intermediate
		    Expert
		- Please describe your experience with Engineering for Sustainable Development and any projects contributing to this that you have been involved with *
		  Please note, Engineering for Sustainable Development is interdisciplinary, involving all professions working at the intersection of the technical with sustainability and social impact.
		  What is the full name of your first reference writer? *
		  Please get this individual's permission before including them here, as this person will receive an automated email inviting them to submit a short reference form.
		  What is the email address of your first reference writer? *
		  Please ensure you enter their email address correctly and notify them that they will receive an automated email shortly after you submit this application form with a form for them to fill out.
		  What is the full name of your second reference writer? *
		  Please get this individual's permission before including them here, as this person will receive an automated email inviting them to submit a short reference form.
		  What is the email address of your second reference writer? *
		  Please ensure you enter their email address correctly and notify them that they will receive an automated email shortly after you submit this application form with a form for them to fill out.
		  [Optional] What is the full name of your third reference writer? 
		  Please get this individual's permission before including them here, as this person will receive an automated email inviting them to submit a short reference form.
		  Submitting a third reference is optional and you will not be penalized for only submitting two as long as both reference writers submit their references
		  [Optional] What is the email address of your third reference writer? 
		  Please ensure you enter their email address correctly and notify them that they will receive an automated email shortly after you submit this application form with a form for them to fill out.
		  Please upload your CV / Resume *
		  Please keep your CV to 2 pages maximum.
		  Attach file
		  Drop files here
		  Please upload your Cover Letter *
		  Please keep your cover letter to 1 page maximum
		  Attach file
		  Drop files here
		  How did you hear about the E4C Fellowship? *
		  Please select the main route where you heard about the E4C Fellowship
		  If you have applied to the E4C Fellowship before, how many times have you previously applied? 
		  Please share your LinkedIn profile URL 
		  Having access to your LinkedIn profile enables us to view all of the education, experience, skills and recommendations listed there, as well as stay up to date with your profile across our application process.
		  Early Interest Code 
		  If applicable, please add your early interest code from filling out the Fellowship Interest form. 
		  Peer Referral Code 
		  You may have received a referral code from your peers or colleagues. If so, please add it here. 
		  Partner Referral Code 
		  If one of our project partners recommended you for the fellowship, please add the code you should have received from them here. 
		  Bonus Referral Code 
		  You may have received a bonus referral code by joining one of our events. If you do have one, please add it here.
		  Whether or not you are selected for the 2023 E4C Summer Fellowship, would you like to be considered for other upcoming opportunities including our next Winter Fellowship cohort? 
		  Please tick if you are happy to receive other communications from E4C beyond this application process. 
		  Email me a copy of my responses.